---
layout: post
title:  "Telnet hn7000s"
date:   2021-10-06 13:29:06 -0700
categories: ssh telnet satellite
tag: coding satellite
---
Using **TelNet** w/ Putty to access the vxWorks menu:

ip address = 192.168.0.1 
port 1953

#### rf reformat all settings and starting over.

Type “ rf ” then hit enter.

The modem will restart, and come back on with a flashing Power and LAN light. Upload SBC file again and start registration installer.

### Windows Telnet Client 

if you feel the need to use the windows command line -- Turn windows features on or off" in the windows search bar

### vxWorks access on the HN7000S: 

Telnet to 192.168.0.1 

u- brighton  p- swordfish
 

### HTTP

Browsers can use the HN7000S box as a proxy to get traffic accelerated quite a bit by configuring to use 192.168.0.1 port 87 as the HTTP proxy (In the past some things have failed when going through this, though, but we don’t have any notes yet on what those were.) 

In the list of exceptions to using the proxy, remember to put 192.168.0.1 itself there, as well as ‘localhost’ and 127.0.0.1, at least. 

If SSL traffic is so slow as to be unusable, try configuring your browser to use a proxy for SSL also: host is 69.19.14.10 and port 3128. It’s not necessarily faster under normal circumstances.

Make sure anyone using your connection has **DISABLED** any operating system updates on their computer. Laptops which download Mac OS X updates, for example, will slam you to exceed the 24-hour download cap and make you suffer for 24 hours at ~30kps cuz of the Fair Access Policy.

http://192.168.0.1/fs/advanced/advanced.html  advanced configuration page

http://192.168.0.1/sys_status/ status page

Diagnostics Code values ie:
0000-0002-6400-0002

http://192.168.0.1/cgi/execAdvCom.bin?Command=30&NoAutoRefresh=1&PrintMsg=Diag%20Code%20Analyze

and put in the code from the status page. This will give you an explanation for why each of the particular bits are set to make up that series of numbers, with the values covering the most recent hour, 1 hour later, and 2 hours later.

### internet explorer and windows setting for using the hughesnet http installer

#### redirect popups to a new window
In Internet Explorer 9,  set popup windows to open in a new window or tab. you will have to try both as I don't remember which.

* Click the Tools icon in IE.
 * Click Internet Options, near the bottom of the list.
 * Tabs section of the General tab -> Settings.
 * Near the bottom, under When a pop-up is encountered, select Always open pop-ups in a new tab (or window). you decide.

#### turn off:

* windows firewall
* all antivirus applications

#### hacks?

found this on the web searching for hughesnet hn7000s vxWorks commands port 87 is proving very useful.

#### ssh 
ssh admin@192.168.1.1 asus router

